Fix the README of the X packages (#4590)
mui/mui-x: packages/x-date-pickers-pro/README.md

> # @mui/x-date-pickers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# @mui/x-date-pickers-pro
```

```sh
// with npm
npm install @mui/x-date-pickers-pro

// with yarn
yarn add @mui/x-date-pickers-pro
```

> This component has four peer dependencies that you will need to install as well.

Reviewer: Maybe ditch the number here?
```suggestion
This component has the following peer dependencies that you will need to install as well:
```

Author: I think we can yes, @m4theushw
